For this week's artist statement, I want to explore one of the upcoming projects I have been thinking a lot about. Whether it is a website or an app or something else, who knows. But I know what I want to solve.

The internet has made us more individualized and less in tune with things that don't center us. In a IG reel I have watched maybe ten times this week, Cyberethnographer Ruby Thelot talks about the concept of appauvrissement, the idea that the culture is poorer due to the lack of cultivation of the audience. Now he spoke about this in regards to the broligachy who comes out of school, ready to sink their teeth into high-paying engineering jobs, and have no aesthetic ideals and understanding of art history.

I want to take this idea in another direction. Apps like TikTok and Instagram have tailored our whole experiences around content they believe we will like, and we become more deeply rooted as individuals because of it. We believe that we are the center of the universe because everything we consume is telling us so. And this is tragic for communities. When we also consider how third spaces are vanishing, it is no surprise that media literacy is at a damning low point and doesn't look like recovering anytime soon.

My project will be to visualize the nuances and intricate connections that every piece of media has to each other. Everything from Kendrick Lamar's Super Bowl show to a 90s Ghanaian short film would have a home on the site, where the references, interpolations, and commentary that makes an art piece is all on a map. Viewers could see who was inspired by a certain work while also seeing what criticism came its way.

I am not sure how I will visualize this or how it will exist within an exhibition (i found out this week that that's a requirement for the Art thesis...). I do know what I am solving however. Our institutional memory needs restoring and more than just having a digital archive, it needs a visual one.

If you want to see the IG reel mentioned – https://www.instagram.com/reel/DCZQyBbRYz/?igsh=N2dtM3N4eGQ1dDRi